I introduce myself I am the useless eros and this is
a new top
the top of this occasion is 10
more disturbing old images
according to what I've seen and not including
naked or mutilated and because no
I know the origin of almost all the images
I'm just going to give you a quick scan
some of the images are edited
but that does not take away the disturbing
Now, without saying more, let's start
with the top in this image we can
appreciate a person with a
very strange dress posing for a
photo with a background explosion here
we can observe a guy who is
performing a kind of theatrical act
using a mask of a
African-American suffering in this other one
You can see a picture of a man
disguised as a rabbit holding
children but to make a child photo
the rabbit looks very scary for a
boy
the photo on the screen goes back in the year
from 1930
we managed to notice that the botargas of
mickey and minnie mouse are spooky
I do not know what Disney thought when he created these
monsters
in this photo we see that santa has a
dark look and the girl seems to be
having a very bad time in the next image
you can see a ventriloquist posing
for a photograph together with his doll
which apparently is
foot if this show was for children
sure many left crying in this
picture you can see someone from the ku
klux klan staring at you from a
very nice little way
this image is divided in two in the part
left we can see a dark being
holding a woman's neck and with
the other hand a skull in the image of
the right part we see that it approaches
the camera and the woman is screaming this
image is from a halloween costume
year of 1890 about apparently
before they were more frightening
I did not find this image
the image speaks for itself or maybe not
has a very bizarre form and that
we prefer that you appreciate it that I
say a comment about that thing
this has been everything and if the images do not
you were uncomfortable, you're a little
sick do not forget to put thumb up
comment and subscribe it says goodbye
server
the useless ero